com/my/newproject9/R.java
 com.my.newproject9.R
 com.my.newproject9.R$anim
 com.my.newproject9.R$attr
 com.my.newproject9.R$bool
 com.my.newproject9.R$color
 com.my.newproject9.R$dimen
 com.my.newproject9.R$drawable
 com.my.newproject9.R$id
 com.my.newproject9.R$integer
 com.my.newproject9.R$layout
 com.my.newproject9.R$menu
 com.my.newproject9.R$string
 com.my.newproject9.R$style
 com.my.newproject9.R$styleable
android/support/interpolator/R.java
 android.support.interpolator.R
com/my/newproject9/SketchwareUtil.java
 com.my.newproject9.SketchwareUtil
com/my/newproject9/shoppingcart.java
 com.my.newproject9.shoppingcart
com/my/newproject9/FileUtil.java
 com.my.newproject9.FileUtil
android/support/print/R.java
 android.support.print.R
com/my/newproject9/BluetoothController.java
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$1
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$2
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$3
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$4
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$AcceptThread
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$ConnectThread
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$ConnectedThread
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$ConnectedThread$1
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothController$ConnectedThread$2
com/my/newproject9/ContentActivity.java
 com.my.newproject9.ContentActivity
 com.my.newproject9.ContentActivity$1
android/support/customview/R.java
 android.support.customview.R
 android.support.customview.R$attr
 android.support.customview.R$color
 android.support.customview.R$dimen
 android.support.customview.R$drawable
 android.support.customview.R$id
 android.support.customview.R$integer
 android.support.customview.R$layout
 android.support.customview.R$string
 android.support.customview.R$style
 android.support.customview.R$styleable
android/arch/core/R.java
 android.arch.core.R
android/support/v7/viewpager/R.java
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable
com/my/newproject9/userprofile.java
 com.my.newproject9.userprofile
android/support/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
android/support/documentfile/R.java
 android.support.documentfile.R
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/my/newproject9/LoginActivity.java
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$1
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$2
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$3
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$4
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$5
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$6
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$7
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$8
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$9
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$9$1
 com.my.newproject9.LoginActivity$9$2
android/support/cursoradapter/R.java
 android.support.cursoradapter.R
android/support/drawerlayout/R.java
 android.support.drawerlayout.R
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$color
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$id
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$string
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$style
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable
com/my/newproject9/BluetoothConnect.java
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothConnect
 com.my.newproject9.BluetoothConnect$BluetoothConnectionListener
android/support/coreui/R.java
 android.support.coreui.R
 android.support.coreui.R$attr
 android.support.coreui.R$color
 android.support.coreui.R$dimen
 android.support.coreui.R$drawable
 android.support.coreui.R$id
 android.support.coreui.R$integer
 android.support.coreui.R$layout
 android.support.coreui.R$string
 android.support.coreui.R$style
 android.support.coreui.R$styleable
android/support/compat/R.java
 android.support.compat.R
 android.support.compat.R$attr
 android.support.compat.R$color
 android.support.compat.R$dimen
 android.support.compat.R$drawable
 android.support.compat.R$id
 android.support.compat.R$integer
 android.support.compat.R$layout
 android.support.compat.R$string
 android.support.compat.R$style
 android.support.compat.R$styleable
android/support/fragment/R.java
 android.support.fragment.R
 android.support.fragment.R$attr
 android.support.fragment.R$color
 android.support.fragment.R$dimen
 android.support.fragment.R$drawable
 android.support.fragment.R$id
 android.support.fragment.R$integer
 android.support.fragment.R$layout
 android.support.fragment.R$string
 android.support.fragment.R$style
 android.support.fragment.R$styleable
android/support/constraint/R.java
 android.support.constraint.R
 android.support.constraint.R$anim
 android.support.constraint.R$attr
 android.support.constraint.R$bool
 android.support.constraint.R$color
 android.support.constraint.R$dimen
 android.support.constraint.R$drawable
 android.support.constraint.R$id
 android.support.constraint.R$integer
 android.support.constraint.R$layout
 android.support.constraint.R$string
 android.support.constraint.R$style
 android.support.constraint.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.R
android/support/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
android/support/coreutils/R.java
 android.support.coreutils.R
 android.support.coreutils.R$attr
 android.support.coreutils.R$color
 android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
 android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
 android.support.coreutils.R$id
 android.support.coreutils.R$integer
 android.support.coreutils.R$layout
 android.support.coreutils.R$string
 android.support.coreutils.R$style
 android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
android/support/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
com/my/newproject9/MainActivity.java
 com.my.newproject9.MainActivity
 com.my.newproject9.MainActivity$1
 com.my.newproject9.MainActivity$1$1
android/arch/lifecycle/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.R
com/my/newproject9/BuildConfig.java
 com.my.newproject9.BuildConfig
com/my/newproject9/RequestNetwork.java
 com.my.newproject9.RequestNetwork
 com.my.newproject9.RequestNetwork$RequestListener
android/support/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
android/support/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 android.support.localbroadcastmanager.R
android/support/graphics/drawable/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
android/support/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
android/support/loader/R.java
 android.support.loader.R
 android.support.loader.R$attr
 android.support.loader.R$color
 android.support.loader.R$dimen
 android.support.loader.R$drawable
 android.support.loader.R$id
 android.support.loader.R$integer
 android.support.loader.R$layout
 android.support.loader.R$string
 android.support.loader.R$style
 android.support.loader.R$styleable
com/my/newproject9/RequestNetworkController.java
 com.my.newproject9.RequestNetworkController
 com.my.newproject9.RequestNetworkController$1
 com.my.newproject9.RequestNetworkController$2
 com.my.newproject9.RequestNetworkController$3
 com.my.newproject9.RequestNetworkController$3$1
 com.my.newproject9.RequestNetworkController$3$2
